with this color
the pink pearl was called
Red
seriously come on that came and eye that I
I'm short with what I had left of the
point that I also the companion to
side
it arrived because it went through the side of the
perfect travel magician
to see room there may be
it is difficult
Well, the truth is that it is not going
going up to turn around here will come
because if I'm not going to shit on everything
voucher worth voucher voucher we started the car
very important in the straight car but
two
you're here
here was going jumping
my mother
it's here it's here I shit my milk
ok let's have the first one here
come antelope valley has fallen and let's go
I do not fall down uncle I put myself first
ok but the nightmares of the jumps
these is yes yes yes I am through
of piero august first mother of mine and I
I leave here
let's go to the first
if not
first
but if you bring super inclined
so he has advanced the second as much
or more
yes i picked it up 2011
white
perfect perfect perfect mate
so yes but now I can
put the same ones if one has said
have been if just the one that does
I climbed the roller coaster
eye that I can not get down from her there is
we overturn the car in placid torture
eye that same
we do not have in the goal madrid
but he could have won but that did not happen
back to bros